feat: emit download progress and allow changing installation path (#10)
juliangruber/download-chromium: README.md

## API

### download
```
download({ 
	platform = currentPlatform, 
	revision = '499413', 
	log = false, 
	onProgress = undefined, 

> 	installPath = '{rootFolderOfThisModule}/.local-chromium' })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	installPath = '{__dirname}/.local-chromium' })
```

> 	installPath = '{root folder od download-chromium module}' })

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	installPath = rootFolderOfThisModule
})
```

Author: done, following other comment I modified it to `'{rootFolderOfThisModule}/.local-chromium'`

```
Returns a Promise resolving with the Chromium executable path.

> * use `installPath` if running from within `electron` packaged app (for example set install path to `require('electron').app.getPath('userData')`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `installPath`: set the install path if you can't write your `node_modules`, eg from within an `electron` packaged app (`installPath: require('electron').app.getPath('userData')`)
```

> * `installPath`: set the install path if you can't write your `node_modules`, eg from within an `electron` packaged app (`installPath: require('electron').app.getPath('userData')`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `installPath`: set the install path if you can't write to your `node_modules`, eg from within an `electron` packaged app (`installPath: require('electron').app.getPath('userData')`)
```

> * provide `onProgress` to track download progress. `onProgress` gets single argument: `{ percent, transferred, total }` 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `onProgress`: track download progress. `onProgress` receives one argument `{ percent, transferred, total }` 
```
